Refactor example docs (#164)
l7mp/stunner: docs/examples/elixir-webrtc/README.md

# STUNner demo: Video-conferencing with Nexus

This document guides you through the installation of [Elixir WebRTC](https://elixir-webrtc.org/), called [Nexus](https://github.com/elixir-webrtc/apps/tree/master/nexus) into Kubernetes, when it is used together with the STUNner WebRTC media gateway.

In this demo you will learn to:

- integrate a typical WebRTC application with STUNner,
- obtain a valid TLS certificate to secure the signaling plane,
- deploy the Nexus app server into Kubernetes, and
- configure STUNner to expose Nexus to clients.

## Prerequisites

To run this example, you need:
* a [Kubernetes cluster](../../INSTALL.md#prerequisites),
* a [deployed STUNner](../../INSTALL.md#installation-1) (presumably the latest stable version),
* an [Ingress controller](../TLS.md#ingress) to ingest traffic into the cluster,

> * a [Cert-manager](../TLS.md#cert-manager) to secure traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* a [Cert-manager](../TLS.md#cert-manager) to automate TLS certificate management.
```
